***

So here you are. You can see the grand entrance before you, with sweeping
golden staircases that slink their way around the side of the curved room.

***

There's an ornate sparkling chandelier with melted wax on glass holders. It is
lit. The windows to either side are broad, tall, made of fine ironwork and
finished with accents of golden filigree.

***

The wooden door itself is just as florid as the rest of the room. It has a
series of reliefs set into it, carved with the deftest touch. You can't make
out the scenes depicted. Given the quality, you can detect Burro's handiwork.

***

The door, unsurprisingly, is colossal, big enough for Lepha herself to
comfortably move through. Thankfully, it has a proper handle -- no magic slit
to deal with.

***

You step closer. The closer you get, the larger the door appears and the higher
the handle, until... oh no, there's no way you can reach it!

***

What will you do now?

***

Just then, you hear a rumble behind you. You turn around, and coming down the
left side of the sweeping staircase, one step at a time, is Lepha.

***

You can see her more clearly here than you did in the Pantry. She is moving
slowly, methodically, dressed in her leather overcoat with medicine bottles and
poultices coming out of every pocket.

She does have polished, gleaming tusks, but now they don't seem to vicious.
They seem decorative, like jewelry.

***

She doesn't seem angry or frustrated like before. She's fixing you with a level
gaze, as she approaches.

There's nowhere you can run. You wait at the door.

***

She arrives in front of you, a mountain to your anthill. "So, human" she
rumbles. "You've made it this far. It seems you may have learned your lesson."

***

What lesson?

Then you remember what she said when she had left you with the birds: "Let this
be a lesson to you, human."

Why isn't she surprised to find you have escaped?

***

"Let's test it," she says, "and see if you are indeed worthy." She reaches out
with her trunk, and picks you up once again.

It's not worth struggling, so you just wait to see what happens.

***

She takes you to a side nook of the room, where there awaits a low, decorative
table, also in gold and coloured glass. There are two chairs there,
Lepha-sized, but she moves one aside. From inside her coat, she plucks out a
small stool -- too small for her, but fine for you -- and sets it down.

***

She places you next to the stool and gestures you to sit down. You do.

She sits down too, heavily.

***

"Prove yourself," she says. "Prove you deserve to retain my gifts."

***

Won't she recognise that you're offering her the very same items you took from
her Pantry? Well, there's nothing to do but try.

***
