================================================================================
Level 4: Lepha -- YOU LOSE
================================================================================


The echoes of her footsteps fade. What will happen to you?

***

Just then, you hear a bit of chittering.

You dare to move, heart pounding. You peek over the edge of your
container and see that the entire box has been deposited into a narrow,
high-ceilinged room. You step out of the box and nervously pace the perimeter.

***

The walls appear uniform, sealed, but there is a small, slight slit. A keyhole,
perhaps? There is no doorknob, and of course no reaction when you push or try
to pry at it.

***

And then you look up. There is a square opening in the wall. But it must be at
least 20 meters up the wall! You run your fingers along the wall, but find no
dents or ledges. You have no way of reaching it.

You grit your teeth and clench your eyes shut. Is this the end?

***

Then you look up at the opening again, and you suck in your breath: standing on
the edge of the opening, and peering down curiously at you are a pair of
spirits.

***

After a moment, they drop down from the opening. But they're able to do so with
relative grace: they are bird spirits.

What you first notice are their gigantic proportions, with flames crackling on
the edges of their wings and smoke curling from within their beaks. Even the
smaller one is nearly your own height.

***

The taller one is an imposing maribou stork, with a mottled pink head and a
cracked, curving beak that seems to comprise the majority of its size. It has
its silver wings with flaming tips folded back against its body, and a generous
curve of the belly. It peers at you with a dignified air and shuffles back and
forth with a noticeable limp.

***

The other one is a... massive pigeon? Its body is rounded and even, mostly
gray, but with lustrous neck feathers. It moves much more quickly than the
stork, regularly fluttering off the ground. You notice an odd feature: it seems
to have injured its head. It has a bald spot that looks singed and rubbed raw.

***

"What's this -- a human! Cute little human, whatever did you do wrong?" chirps
the Pigeon Spirit. "Did you peck at Lepha's legs to clean them? It's been a
while since we saw her drop things in the dungeon. And she was upset enough
that she even left the room open for us."

Mosta the Stork Spirit sighs and swings its scythe-like beak toward the Pigeon
Spirit. "Eh. So much for Lepha leaving some food behind for us to scavenge. She
may have left this room unlocked, but there's nothing good here. It's not like
she'd ever let us into the Pantry. It's not worth it, Pepita. Humans don't know
how to speak. Let's go."

***

They're starting to turn away from you, but you clear your throat and stand
tall. "I can speak, actually," you say, sounding more confident than you feel.
You have never contradicted a spirit before, not even the spiritlings you had
encountered out in the wastelands, before today.

***

Feathers flutter in momentary confusion. Pepita the Pigeon Spirit flies up a
little and flaps at you. "Well, isn't this interesting. A human who speaks! I
thought you were all mindless like leeches, roaming about Outside."

***

Mosta, however, is getting ready to exit. "And so you do! However, as you are
not edible... We should go. Come, Pepita."

Pepita hesitates for a moment, but then starts to move after the slow Mosta.
You see them move to flap their wings.

Hold on! They could be your only chance of escape!

***stop***

"STOP!" you scream.

***

"I need your help. I need to get out of here," you venture at the bird
spirits. "I can't reach the opening. Perhaps -- perhaps you have another way
out?" It sounds like madness even as you say it, but you don't know what else
to do.

They don't look impressed. "And why should we?" asks Mosta.

***

"I -- I can give you something in return."

They glance at each other.

"Human," says Mosta, "what could you possibly have that we would want? You come
from the Outside. You seem to have acquired language, which I admit is
astonishing. But your people, such as they are, can't have possibly produced
something of real value."

***

You can't give up yet! "I -- I do have things," you sputter. "You mentioned the
Pantry? I have some items from there."

It pains you to even say the words. But it occurs to you that as hard-earned as
it is, your loot is useless if you die here. Will they take something from your
bag in exchange for a favour?

***

Here you see four bird eyes grow wide. Magpies eyeing a jewel.

"The Pantry?" they whisper, nearly speaking over each other. "Lepha doesn't let
us in there, or anyone. She says it would drive us mad."

"How could a human possibly enter the room that is sealed to us?" asks Mosta.

"More importantly, what did you grab?" interjects Pepita.

***

Even in the economic backwater that humans inhabit, there is barter. It's really
very simple. Two parties who exchange something of value. One party must offer
something that the other is willing to accept in trade. Nothing more or less
than that.

But these are bird spirits! You have a hunch that the things you value are not
necessarily the same ones they will.

They are so eager, though, you better not let them take your entire stash away.
Else your whole adventure will have been for naught. You need to bring at least
some loot back home.

***

Check your inventory one more time.

***inventory***

Hmm, a random assortment of things, but perhaps you can find something of
interest to Mosta and Pepita.

"I may have some things for you," you say. "Can you get me out of here?"

***

Mosta limps back and forth, visibly stressed. "Hmm. I think we may be able to,
but only for the right price." She looks to Pepita meaningfully, and then limps
away to the corner before opening her enormous beak wide. It is a yawning gap,
but you can only see the mottled underside.

***

Pepita nods once and leaps into the air. She soars to the top of the cell,
before pirouetting and diving -- to your shock -- directly into the Mosta's
mouth! She dives with tremendous speed, but the moment she enters the beak, she
seems to disappear.

Mosta staggers when she accepts Pepita, but does not otherwise say a thing. Her
beak stays open. You both wait half a minute.

***

With the same speed with which she arrived, Pepita surges out of Mosta's beak,
a new burn mark on her wing and clutching a gray, stone-like key in her claws.
She is smoking lightly under her wings as she lands on the ground.

"Mosta! You need to get a handle on the heat in there!" She turns to you.
"Here, human, is the key to get you out of that door. We can't guarantee what
happens afterward, but this is the best we can offer. What can you offer?"

***

You can tell that you won't be able to hold their interest for long. It's now
or never. Time to negotiate for your escape!
