***

Mosta and Pepita tried to play it coyly. But Toto doesn't even pretend. He sees
what you've placed on the table, and begins to purr. The rumble is warm, and
it's loud, and it spreads through the courtyard.

***

The other rabbits pick it up, and they all start purring too. You've never felt
a sound like this before. It makes you want to clench your teeth, but also it
loosens up your muscles all at the same time. It's kind of wonderful.

***

"I like this deal, human." he grins and stamps his foot in excitement. "Don't
we all, Totochtin?" he shouts at the rabbits below.

A roar in response, and another excuse for a drink.

***

He speaks more directly to you, and more softly. "The only way out of this
place, without being accompanied by the mistress of the house, of course, is to
make your way through these rooms. It's one after another, and a straight shot
to the front door."

***

He takes a swig of his own titanic drinking bowl, on the armchair of his
throne. "You'll have to make it through a series of spirits, all who have come
here seeking Lepha's treatment."

You look quizzically at him.

***

He guffaws. "Not us, of course! We just heard that Lepha would give us a place
to stay if we pretended to be sick. So whenever she comes, we moan and lay
about with permanent hangovers."

He leans close to your ear and whispers. His breath comes out steamy and itchy.
"But let me tell you a secret: the Centzon Totochtin never get hangovers. It's
an all time party for us!"

***

"But some of the others," he continues, "may have real problems. Just watch
yourself. Most of them have keys to the next room, but only that much. That's
how Lepha keeps them mostly under control. They can all leave if they really
wanted to... But not all of us want to."

Is he going to give you your part of the bargain?

***key***

"Any chance I could have that key, Toto?"

He laughs again and yanks out a key he had hidden deep inside mouth, alongside
his gums. It's dripping with saliva. "Take this, human."

***

You take it and, as Toto stoops down to scoop up your offer, you wipe the key on
your clothes.

"Pleasure sharing a round with you," Toto says, ready to bound off. "Come
back and visit us if you ever get more pulque, yeah?"

With that, he ushers you onward. You step down the hill, between partying and
drinking rabbits, who clap you on the shoulder as you go down.

***

Even now, focusing on any one rabbit just leads to more landing in your vision,
until your view is either full of cavorting rabbits or you blink them away.

You make it to the bottom of the hill, and march to the end of the courtyard,
where there is another stone door with a slit.

***

You use Toto's key, and make your way through. As before, you enter through a
dark corridor, open to the sky. The moment you step through, the loud party of
the rabbits silences, and the door closes behind you.

You walk along to the door at the end. You open this next door. This time, no
light spills in. It looks just as dark beyond. You slip through...
