***

...and enter a party? There are lights directly in your eyes, and you're
briefly blinded. But you can hear an undercurrent of guffaws, speech, hums,
snorts, and clucks. It sounds like a farm.

Then your eyes adjust and the view seems even more ridiculous than expected.

***

You appear to be outdoors in a broad courtyard. It looks more like a clearing
in the woods, with grass underfoot and open air above. There is a chill in the
air, as a cold wind strikes into you.

***

In the center is a large hill, bright spotlights shining onto it. The hill is
piled layers thick with tables, chairs, barrels, and slabs of wood.

Everywhere there seems to be movement. That movement, most unexpectedly,
consists of an uncountable number of rabbits!

***

They're all yelling to one another loudly and fighting for a space on the hill,
kicking those below with their hind legs. Every rabbit is holding a clay bowl
filled with sloshing liquid.

Some rabbits are perched partway up the pile, apparently telling hilarious
stories to their small audience of guffawing rabbits. Others are playing games,
pouring a drink from a height into the mouth of other rabbits below.

***

You can't seem to see how many there are on the hill. When you focus on one
group, more and more rabbits seem to fill your vision. When you close your eyes
or shake your head, it's as if the rabbits themselves are shaken free, and you
can see fewer. But then, once more, they start quickly filling the space you
can see until you blink once more.

***

The rabbit spirits (for what else can they be?) all seem to be in a state of
chaotic revelry. How had you not heard their racket while approaching?

As you try to make sense of the madness, you hear a strong, more guttural
series of clucks and stomps. It's coming from the top of the hill. Some of the
rabbits stop their playing and look up to the summit.

***

The spotlights shine up to the top, and up there is a massive, crudely painted
flag. You see that it had had the number one printed, but someone has scribbled
it out with crude ink and drawn a large number two instead, just barely
visible in fading blue.

***

Sitting underneath it, on a throne of corn stalks and clay is one enormous
rabbit. And he's looking right at you.

"Human!" he shouts, echoing in the sudden silence. You shudder. Something about
his low voice drives through you, leaving you feeling lightheaded. "Have you
come to join the party?"

***

You lift your hand to shield your eyes and say. "Uh, no, not really. I'm just
hoping to find a way out."

***

He launches himself, leaping from his throne high into the air and landing with
a crash just in front of you. You stagger back and almost fall.

He speaks just as loudly in front of you as he did when he was back on the
hill. It is deafening, and you almost crouch from the shock of the noise. "My
name is Ome Tochtli. I am Two Rabbit, and you are in the chamber of Centzon
Totochtin, the spirits of drink!" he says.

***

Behind, there is a roar. The rabbits on the hill all lift their bowls, cheer,
and take a gulp.

You try to repeat his name amid the hooting. You don't even come close. He
laughs and rattles your bones. "Just call me Toto."

***

"Good to meet you, Toto," you say. And then you think. "You are Two Rabbit?"
you ask suddenly. "Is there a One Rabbit?"

***

A clenched hush zips shut all the hollering on the hill.

Toto is suddenly imposing, towering over you and blocking the light.

His face is plunged into darkness, and he says nothing.

But though his face is shrouded, the moonlight glints off his buck teeth.
Which... are lengthening and sharpening??

***

You quake. Clearly you said the wrong thing. Change the subject!

***pantry***

"I just need to get back home," you manage to say. "Could I offer you a gift
for safe passage through? I come bearing items from Lepha's Pantry."

***

And just like that, the tension vanishes.

The crowd of innumerable rabbits suddenly start shrieking again. They're
launching themselves into the sky in huge leaps and throwing one another about.

The rabbits are loving this idea.

***

Toto stops approaching you. He leans back, and his face is bathed in light
again. The buck teeth look normal, and he's smiling once more, jovial and
playful.

***

"Hmm," says Toto. "Now here's an interesting prospect! We've never bargained
with a human before, but for something of Lepha's..." He turns back to the
hill. "What do you say, friends? Shall we try it?"

***

There is another chorus of cheers. Again the rabbits all lift their bowls and
drink. One particularly intoxicated rabbit falls off his table and clatters
down the hill. No one pays him any mind.

You start to relax. Toto seems friendly again.

***

"Well, then," says Toto, turning back to you. "We're always up for a challenge.
But you better have something interesting to offer. Or else you can just stay
here with us and drink." Somehow he makes the word "drink" sound sinister.

You nod. "I think you might like what I have for you." You managed it with the
bird spirits. Why not with the rabbit spirits?

***

Without warning, Toto grabs you by the scruff of your neck and bounds back up
the hill. From the cries of protest you hear, he seems to have squashed some of
his smaller friends on his way back up.

At the top, under his makeshift number two flag, he sits on his throne. There
is a table in front of him, and a small stool for you to sit on.

***

He gestures at the table and grins again, buck teeth glinting in the
spotlights. "Alright then, human. Make your offer."

***
