================================================================================
Level 3: Burro
================================================================================

...and it feels different. Both the bird spirits' dungeon and the rabbits'
courtyard felt like they were part of the building, but this one feels like you
stepped into the center of a forest.

***

There is bubbling, rushing water and a copse of trees in your path. You can't
see any walls or door through the trees, so you step through toward the sound
of the water.

You don't see or hear anything living, but the sound of water -- a river,
maybe? -- gets louder.

***

You emerge in front of a rushing creek. But before you... Is something
beautiful, something extraordinary!

***

You see an elegant latticework of wood suspended from a high arched wooden
bridge that spans the length of the creek.

The structure is a sort of building. Carved and curved and cast into a a ball,
it swoops up, down, and across. It is charged with a clear design, but looks
natural and elegant. There are whorls, spirals, and exquisite patterns along
every edge.

***

Within the fretwork, you can see space for rooms, with furniture, common areas,
walking corridors, and a dipping zone for the water.

The structure is enormous, and although it ends near where you are standing, it
clearly began far off. You can see more arched bridges in the distance,
each connecting another zone of this stunning ligneous architecture.

***

Something has created this. But what? You look more closely at the raw,
unfinished section before you. Within the bubbling creek, you see some
movement. There, scrabbling away at a plank of wood, is a beaver spirit.

***

Like the other spirits, it is of huge proportions, with a slicked back pelt and
a wide flat tail twisting this way and that in the water. Now that you are
close, you can hear it muttering to itself.

Perhaps you should say hello?

***hello***

"Ahoy there!" you shout at the working spirit. There's a yelp, and the beaver
tumbles over into the water. The plank of wood goes rushing away down the
creek. Oops...

***

The beaver pops up out of the creek and looks left and right for the source of
the sound, fuming and muttering to itself even more loudly. It spies you and in
an instant, paddles to where you are.

***

"Who are you?" she demands, speaking rapidly in a screeching voice over the
water. "You have made me lose this joining piece! What will my family say now?
Why would you do that? Who are you? Who are you??"

The beaver erupts in a series of unintelligible mutters.

***

This is not a great introduction. "I am just trying to make my way through to
the exit, and I was hoping you could help me," you try.

***

The beaver rises up, grunts loudly, and slaps her tail, which is still lying in
the water. A large splash of water rises up and soaks you to your bones. "I am
Burro, the spirit of industriousness. And I do NOT help any lazy, interfering
busybodies who have no respect for my art."

***

"But I do love what you've done!" you try. But it just makes Burro angrier.
"After what you've done? My schedule is ruined! I should just throw you down
the river before you can harm anything more!"

***

Uh oh. You know the routine -- trying mentioning the magic word.

***pantry***

"Perhaps I could offer you something from Lepha's Pantry as recompense and for
your help in passing your home?" The formality has seemed to work so far.

***

Burro stops muttering to herself. But she still looks livid. "I have everything
I need right here, and I don't need you trying to get in my way."

Then she looks back at the unfinished edge of her building and unclenches.
"Years of work it has taken me," she says more softly, "and I'm still far from
complete. I don't know why you're here to taunt me, human. But if you have
something I can use, I suppose I ought to see if it's worthwhile."

***

You pause, hoping. "Follow me," she says, and flips over. She steps through the
creek, stepping on underwater stones until she is halfway. You carefully and
more slowly follow. In the middle of the creek, she reaches up through a hole
in her building and pulls out two beautifully carved chairs, and a refined
table filled with small beaver faces carved into the top.

***

"Show me what you've got," says Burro, "and we'll see if you're worth all this
time you're taking up."

***
