***

================================================================================
Level 1: Mosta and Pepita -- YOU WIN!
================================================================================

You can see it before they say anything. The glittering in their eyes. You've
found just the thing that makes their feathers quiver with excitement.
"Alright, human, you've got a deal!"

***

Pepita glances at you. Then back at the offer. Then back at you. Then at Mosta
for a moment. Mosta nods and opens her beak wide.

With a delighted squak, Pepita hops forward and starts grabbing your offer with
her beak, tossing it expertly into Mosta's wide open mouth. You're looking up
to the underside of Mosta's enormous beak, and you can't see any evidence of it
going down her gullet.

***

Once complete, Pepita flaps back and lifts the key to you with one claw. Mosta
turns to you. "Okay, talking human, here's your part. Just press it into the
slit behind us, and the door will open."

***

Pepita pipes up. "But wait until we're long gone! If Lepha catches us here when
the door opens, we're done."

With that, they both nod to you once more and spread their wings, easily
covering the full width of the cell. With a grand whoosh, they fly up and out
of your cell.

***

But your attention is already on the door in front of you. As you reach to
press the key into the door slit... nothing happens.

***

Did they trick you? Take your valuable goods and leave you with a dud?

But after a few seconds of heart-hammering concern, the door silently swings
outward. You're free. You take a few steps into the darkened room beyond.

***

The dark space beyond turns out to just be a corridor leading directly to
another door. And it's not entirely dark. The corridor is open to the air, and
there is some moonlight shining in, the desaturated shade slicing sharp slashes
on the tall walls.

***

The walls and floor are made of stone and they lead you directly to another
door. This one is like the previous one -- just a minuscule slit where a handle
would go.

You press the key into this, and again, the door swings inward, letting in a
more amber, gauzy light. You step through...

***
