***

The echoes of her footsteps fade. What will happen to you?

***

Some time passes, and you stay motionless. Then, you hear a bit of chittering.

You dare to move, heart pounding. You peek over the edge and see that you have
been deposited into a narrow, high-ceilinged room. You step out and nervously
pace the perimeter.

***

The walls appear uniform, sealed, but there is a small, slight slit. A keyhole,
perhaps? There is no doorknob, and of course no reaction when you push or pry.

***

Then you look up, remembering the window in the Pantry. You inhale sharply.
There is indeed a square opening high, high up, maybe 20 meters up the wall.
But on that ledge and peering down curiously at you, are a pair of bird spirits.

***

They drop down, and you first notice gigantic proportions, flames crackling on
the edges of wings and smoke curling from within beaks. Even the smaller one is
nearly your height.

***

The taller one is an imposing maribou stork. A mottled pink head a cracked,
curving beak seem to comprise most of its heft. Its silver wings with flaming
tips are folded back against the generous curve of its belly. It peers at you
with a dignified air and shuffles back and forth with a noticeable limp.

***

The other one is a... massive pigeon? Rounded, even body, mostly
gray, but with brilliant lustrous neck feathers. It darts about at twice the
stork's place, regularly fluttering off the ground.

Oddly, the pigeon seems to have injured its head. It has a bald spot that looks
singed and rubbed raw.

***

"What's this?" chirps the pigeon. "A human! Where did you come from, and what
did you do wrong?" The pigeon spirit pecks at your belly, and you pull back.

"Did you poop on Lepha's things? She doesn't like that. It's been a while since
we saw her drop things in our cellar, right Mosta?"

***

Mosta the stork sighs and swings its scythe-like beak toward the pigeon. "Eh,"
it says in a croak. "So much for Lepha leaving some food behind for us. We
can't eat this human. At least," she ponders, "I don't think we can."

You're speechless. Are you meant to be their dinner?

***

"Let's go, Pepita," continues Mosta. "There's nothing good from the Pantry
here, and anyway, humans don't know how to speak."

***

They're starting to turn away from you. Wait, they think you can't speak?

***speak***

You clear your throat and stand tall. "Umm, I can speak, actually," you say,
sounding more confident than you feel.

***

Feathers flutter in momentary confusion. Pepita the pigeon flies up a little
and flaps at you. "Well, isn't this interesting. A human who talks! I thought
you all just operated on instinct, roaming about Outside."

***

Mosta, however, is getting ready to exit. "Remarkable! You can speak! However,
as you are not edible... We should go. Come, Pepita."

Pepita hesitates for a moment, but then starts to move after the plodding Mosta.

Wait! This could be your only chance of escape! Tell them to stop.

***stop***

"STOP!" you scream.

***

"I need your help. I need to get out of here," you venture at the bird spirits.
"I can't reach the opening. Perhaps -- perhaps you have another way out?" It's
madness, you know, but what else can you do?

They don't look impressed. "And why should we?" asks Mosta.

***

"I -- I can give you something in return."

They glance at each other.

"Human," says Mosta, "what could you possibly have that we would want? I know
they call us the spirits of inquisitiveness, and I do admit that the fact that
you've acquired language is quite astonishing. But you come from Outside. Your
people, such as they are, can't have possibly have anything of real value."

***

You can't give up yet! What was it they mentioned? Ah, the Pantry!

***pantry***

"I -- I do have things," you sputter. "You mentioned the Pantry? I have some of
Lepha's things from there."

It pains you to even say the words. But it occurs to you that as hard-earned as
it is, your loot is useless if you die here.

***

When you had to negotiate with Lepha, your bag had been left back in the crate.
But now you have it with you, and you have more than the clothes on your back.
Perhaps it could work this time.

***

Four bird eyes grow wide. Magpies eyeing a jewel.

"The Pantry?" they whisper, speaking over each other. "Lepha doesn't let us in
there, or anyone. She says its unsafe."

***

"How could a human possibly enter the room that is sealed to us?" asks Mosta.

"More importantly, what did you grab?" interjects Pepita.

***

Do you have anything that these bird spirits might value? They are so eager,
though, and you better not let them take your entire stash away, or else this
whole adventure would have been useless. You must try to bring at least some
loot back home.

***

Check your inventory one more time.

***inventory***

Hmm, a random assortment of things, but there may be something there of
interest to Mosta and Pepita. But you'll have to set it up as a bargain.

You muster your courage. "I can show you," you venture, "if you can get me out
of here."

***

Mosta limps back and forth, visibly stressed. "Even if you get past us, human,
there are three more patient chambers before the exit. How can you do it?"

You shrug. "I can only try," you say.

***

Pepita looks satisfied with that. She pulls a key from under her feathers.
"Fair enough, human. Alright, then. Show us what you have."

***

You can tell that you won't be able to hold their interest for long. It's now
or never. Time to negotiate for your escape!

***
