You have a couple of frenzied moments to consider whether this was all worth it.

You didn't have to leave the human swamps. You didn't have to trespass into the
Land of the Spirits. You didn't have to burgle the Healing House of Lepha.

***

It's really that last part that seems the worst decision, in retrospect.

***

Lepha was known as a sort of jailor-therapist of the spirits. Powerful and
revered for her restrictive healing techniques, she knew how to fix the
spirits' ailments.

All spirits enjoy making deals. It is in their nature. And for the most
impulsive, troubled, and unpredictable spirits, Lepha offered them a serious
bargain -- submit fully to her ministrations and her rules, and be healed.

***

And they came too, especially after hearing of the Pantry. Lepha's Pantry. A
cornucopia of the best special medicines, tools, and objects of inspiration,
and the room you were in now. Any one of these relics could be your ticket to
power, wealth, and freedom.

***

Better this than wasting away in the fetid human swamps, with their warped,
hopeless towns and their wretched, sniveling people.

You wanted more. You wanted to carve your name in the wooden tabletop of the
world. And nabbing treasured items from Lepha's Pantry was how.

***

Too bad that it led to this moment, hiding in a crate, as Lepha herself stares
you down, fury firing in her nostrils.

***

She strides across the room, stopping above your crate and opening it with her
hands. Before you know it, she has wrapped her muscular trunk around you and is
pulling you up, up, and out of the crate, leaving your bag of loot behind.

***

Your heart pounds and you can smell disinfectant, soap, and herbs on her. She
speaks, and her voice is somehow like the fall of a great tree, full of thunder
and saudade. "A human. A human in my pantry."

Your mind whirls.

***

"Human. Why do this?" She seems frustrated at you more than she is angry.

Could there be some hope?

***

Another pause. What can you do? You know spirits like to bargain. Perhaps you
can propose a deal?

***deal***

"I apologise, Lepha," you say formally. "In accordance with the traditions of
your great people, may I offer you a deal in exchange for my safe passage?"

***

Lepha's great eyes widen, and she suddenly snorts. The air blows through her
trunk and into your face. She starts laughing, and without realising it
releases you from her trunk.

Your arms windmill as you fall through the air and then tumble painfully to the
floor, landing hard on your tail bone. Ow.

***

She keeps laughing. "You want me to let you loose after you invaded my home?
Hah! Well, human, now I'm curious. Let's see what you have. Right here, right
now." She grabs a table from the side and places it in front of you.

"Place your offer here. If you have anything useful, I'll give you safe
passage. And unlike you, human, I'll play fair. But if you have nothing I want,
then it's off to the cell for you. Which is more than you deserve."

***

You exhale and rub your sore rump. You never expected her to accept! But
there's a problem. You have nothing but the clothes on your back. Will it be
enough?

***
